hello dear friends in this video I'm going to
be preparing a delicious pineapple
wash to refresh me is almost
midnight and the heat is unbearable
many people what
they write to my channel they ask me
what would happen if they do not have rum if
they could piss off their drinks I go to
do the test with this piña colada to
see how it goes out I'll be using
fresh pineapple cubes I'm not going to I'm not going to
I throw a drink pineapple juice because
I do not really have a moment to
another one that I encouraged myself to prepare it look
as the coconut cream is well liquid
so that's going to make it easier to liquefy
everything will be preparing more or
minus two glasses of regular size per
that we're going to add almost a cup of
pineapple in squares
I want to try to get them out
do not
for two glasses
I add the ice
I add the piston
what is missing from the fact of the other this peak
of the authentic and be
lower it good
let's do it
the coconut cream
for a job are two ounces are two
drinks four ounces more or less half
from this
school a lot because if it does not come out
too sweet too
a thierry like the pisco
we put the cap
now yes
and to liquefy
here he would miss the pineapple juice
I do not have any good pineapple juice
Let's see
to throw more
pisco or rondo that have
a record
and
to freshen up
and it's almost midnight it's already a headbutt
let's try
to see health
kerry
they are very good with pisco so now
They know next time when they want
Prepare your piña colada and do not have the
rum use pisco is great
already to serve your bouquets with a cherry
maraschino so you have better
presenting this drink